[Music]
[Applause]
hey you guys I am super excited to show
you my rig um this week came with two
clips Toni & Guy and also came with a
Toni & Guy comb and it came with two
caps that I didn't use but you know hey
if you know
you know God is so good like just pray
okay y'all I have not put anything I
just put the way and this is my first
week so I've been taking bitches like oh
this is so beautiful
like seriously and I was getting on them
people nerves like I was I was emailing
them I was like you know where's my wig
you know
looking at reviews and people saying
thank God they Uighur and I was just
being impatient but I just thank God
because this is me
okay so y'all liked the video make sure
you like subscribe for more
and I just thank y'all for watching